.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.\" -----
.\" This file was confirmed to be licenced under the GPL
.\" by its author and copyright holder, Akira TAGOH, on June 1st 2008:
.\"
.\" > I'm comfortable with DFSG-free. that sounds great if you think it's
.\" > useful and worth containing it in upstream.
.\" ...
.\" > Right I know. any licenses that is DFSG-free, I'm ok with whatever,
.\" > since I have contributed that for Debian. so GPL is no problem for me.
.\" -----
.TH MUTTER\-MESSAGE 1 "28 August 2002"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
MUTTER\-MESSAGE \- a command to send a message to Mutter
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B MUTTER\-MESSAGE
[restart|reload\-theme|enable\-keybindings|disable\-keybindings]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B mutter\-message\fP.
This manual page was written for the Debian distribution
because the original program does not have a manual page.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
\fBmutter\-message\fP send a specified message to \fBmutter\fP(1).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B restart
Restart \fBmutter\fP(1) which is running.
.TP
.B reload-theme
Reload a theme which is specified on gconf database.
.TP
.B enable-keybindings
Enable all of keybindings which is specified on gconf database.
.TP
.B disable-keybindings
Disable all of keybindings which is specified on gconf database.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mutter (1)
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Akira TAGOH <tagoh@debian.org>,
for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
